I know you know if I bit snotty
don't let the name
you're all dressed up in a harness ready
why ready for what kind of it skydiving
is this your idea uh it's not enough
know whose idea it was mine ah hi gang
he's a troublemaker so why skydog
because I think it's exciting yes it
will be very exciting and this is where
you get connected I you in sky Dave
mechanic exactly all right very strong
hooks pulled up to 5,000 pounds whoa
this is me um wait I'll get something
okay all right keep on talking okay he's
gonna go get some tape in the meantime
120 miles an hour that's 200 k an hour
you ready for that plan do you want to
give anyone a message at home before we
jump out of this plane yeah all my money
got my friend his name
I know you know this life it's not easy
your way that's me
and it's on
not a tear
far away
I know you know
crazy don't let
his body
run right away
you
and
what is it
Oh
no matter what this
what I want to say
right now
yeah very good whoo how are your ears oh
my screaming what how are your what I
can to March it hahaha so would you ever
do it again I will what was your
favorite part yeah yeah
to the shower
the shower